README.md, before:

# General Assignment Directions

## To Get Started:
  1. Clone this repository to your computer.  
  2. Review the "assignment.md" file.
  3. Make a copy of this file, naming it "submission.md".
  4. Edit this file to include your name in the appropriate location.
  5. Add this file to your local repository.
  6. Commit this file to your local repository.
  7. Push the current contents of your local repository to remote repository.

## Work on the Assignment
  1. Incrementally edit and submit your "submission.md" file
     - ``git add``, ``git commit``, and ``git push``
     - get into the habit of making incremental updates to your working assignments.
  2. Your answers need to be positioned in the file correctly.
     - provide an answer to every line that contains an "answer" HTML comment.
     - placement of your answer needs to be to the left of the "answer" HTML comment.
  3. Use additional spacing to ensure your answer is _easy_ to read.
  4. Add additional information as you feel is necessary.

## Grading
   1. An automated process will be used to expedite the grading of this assignment. 
   2. As such, it is important that you position your answers appropriately. 
   3. A file called "answers.md" will be provided to you with all the correct answers.
   4. A file called "grade.report" will be provided with your final score and any breakdown.

Commit message:

updates to reflect new response tag

README.md, after:

# General Assignment Directions

## To Get Started
  1. Clone this repository to your computer.  
  2. Review the "assignment.md" file.
  3. Make a copy of this file, naming it "submission.md": ``cp assignment.md submission.md``
  4. Edit this file to include your name in the appropriate location.
  5. Add this file to your local repository: ``git add submission.md``
  6. Commit this file to your local repository: ``git commit -m 'creating file'``
  7. Push the current contents of your local repository to remote repository: ``git push``

## Work on the Assignment
  1. Incrementally edit and submit your "submission.md" file
     - ``git add``, ``git commit``, and ``git push``
     - get into the habit of making incremental updates to your working assignments.
  2. Provide an response to all items that are meant to be provided.
     - an HTML comment tag ``<!-- response -->`` have been added to each line that requires a response.
     - your response should be placed to the left of the HTML comment.
  3. Use additional spacing to ensure your answer is _easy_ to read to maximize credit.
  4. Add additional information as you feel is necessary to maximize credit.
  5. Don't forget to do a final ``git push`` to make your final submission
     - You can view your answers.md file online to review your final formatted submission 

## Grading
   1. A semi-automated process will be used to expedite the grading of this assignment. 
   2. As such, it is important that you position your answers appropriately. 
   3. A file called "answers.md" will be provided to you with all the correct answers.
   4. A file called "grade.report" will be provided with your final score and any breakdown.
   5. The professor will announce via slack when a particular assignment has been graded.
